Getting Started
For AI agents: visit https://docs.mesh.complyadvantage.com/v2.1/llms.txt for an index of all pages formatted in Markdown and endpoints in OpenAPI.
Jump to Content
GuidesAPI ReferenceLog In
Guides
Log In
GuidesAPI Reference
Getting Started
Documentation
Getting Started
Key integration use cases
Creating and screening customers
Checking for screening hits
Viewing screening results
Simple step-by-step integration
Glossary
Mesh API
Overview
Errors
Versioning
Rate Limiting
Working with lists
Data Types
Dates and times
Countries and currencies
Webhooks
Onboarding
Postman and OpenAPI Schema
Customers
Cases
Alerts and Risks
Powered by
Getting Started
Getting started with your ComplyAdvantage Mesh API integration
Getting Started
Getting started with your ComplyAdvantage Mesh API integration
This guide offers step-by-step instructions for integrating with the ComplyAdvantage Mesh API and addresses common use cases, including creating and screening customers, checking for hits, and viewing cases, alerts, and risks.
Setting up your environment
API authentication
To begin using the ComplyAdvantage Mesh API, you’ll need credentials provided during onboarding. Your nominated API user should have received a welcome email containing instructions for setting up their password and specifying their organization name. These credentials are used to generate an access token:
username: The email address of the API user.
password: The password created by the API user.
realm: The organization name as stated in the welcome email.
Sample API authentication request
{
"username": "[email protected]",
"password": "password",
"realm": "organization name"
}
ℹ️
API user best practices
It is recommended to have a dedicated email address for your API user (e.g. [email protected]) and have one API user per account. This will enable you to create tokens for each account without having to switch accounts.
Creating a customer screening configuration
❗️
Setting up screening configurations
Screening configurations should be set up in collaboration with a compliance or risk team to ensure the appropriate screening lists are selected. These configurations can be updated at any time.
Customers are screened against pre-configured settings. Before creating and screening your first customer, you must set up a customer screening configuration. This can be done via ComplyAdvantage Mesh web application or the API. You can create multiple configurations and select the appropriate one for each customer during the screening process.
Create a customer screening configuration via the web application
Follow the steps outlined in this article.
Create a customer screening configuration via API
Use the create screening configuration API.
ℹ️
Customer screening configuration identifier
After creating a customer screening configuration, make sure to note the configuration_identifier. This identifier is required when creating and screening customers.
Example of a screening configuration identifier
Updated 5 months ago
Key integration use cases
Did this page help you?
Yes
No
Copy Page
Getting Started